README.md, before:

# go-svrquery [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-blue.svg)](https://github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery/blob/master/LICENSE) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/multiplay/go-svrquery.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/multiplay/go-svrquery)

go-svrquery is a [Go](http://golang.org/) client for talking to game servers using various query protocols.

Features
--------
* Support for various game server query protocol's including:
** Titanfall
* Supports per protocol custom [netdata](https://github.com/netdata/netdata) graphs as required by [go.d.plugin](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin) which is based on the [go-orchestrator plugin framework](https://github.com/netdata/go-orchestrator).

Installation
------------
```sh
go get -u github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery
```

Examples
--------

Using go-svrquery is simple just create a client and then send commands e.g.
```go
package main

import (
	"log"
	"time"

	"github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery/lib/svrquery"
)

func main() {
	c, err := svrquery.NewClient("tf2e", "192.168.1.102:10011")
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	defer c.Close()

	r, err := c.Query()
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	log.Printf("%#v\n", r)
}
```

Documentation
-------------
- [GoDoc API Reference](http://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery).

License
-------
go-svrquery is available under the [BSD 2-Clause License](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause).
```

Commit message:

feat: Add simple cli tool
This adds a simple cli tool which enables users to easily make requests
using their specified server address and protocol.

The response will be returned as pretty json for both human and machine
consumption.

README.md, after:

# go-svrquery [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-blue.svg)](https://github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery/blob/master/LICENSE) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/multiplay/go-svrquery.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/multiplay/go-svrquery)

go-svrquery is a [Go](http://golang.org/) client for talking to game servers using various query protocols.

Features
--------
* Support for various game server query protocol's including:
** Titanfall
* Supports per protocol custom [netdata](https://github.com/netdata/netdata) graphs as required by [go.d.plugin](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin) which is based on the [go-orchestrator plugin framework](https://github.com/netdata/go-orchestrator).

Installation
------------
```sh
go get -u github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery
```

Examples
--------

Using go-svrquery is simple just create a client and then send commands e.g.
```go
package main

import (
	"log"
	"time"

	"github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery/lib/svrquery"
)

func main() {
	c, err := svrquery.NewClient("tf2e", "192.168.1.102:10011")
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	defer c.Close()

	r, err := c.Query()
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	log.Printf("%#v\n", r)
}
```

CLU
-------------
A cli is available in http://github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery/cmd/cli

This enables you make queries to servers using the specified protocol, and returns the response in pretty json.

Documentation
-------------
- [GoDoc API Reference](http://godoc.org/github.com/multiplay/go-svrquery).

License
-------
go-svrquery is available under the [BSD 2-Clause License](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause).
```
